SCP -> BTP, Cloud Foundry - Cloud Foundry environment (#199)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/guides/logging-overview.mdx

For our example of Logback, we need a `logback.xml` within the `main/resources` directory of our application.

:::tip

> When running on BTP CloudFoundry using the SAP Java Buildpack the logging implementation is provided at runtime by the container.

Author: ```suggestion
When running on the BTP Cloud Foundry environment using the SAP Java Buildpack the logging implementation is provided at runtime by the container.
```

</root>
```

> #### On Cloud Foundry environment

Author: ```suggestion
#### On Cloud Foundry Environment
```
